So let's have a look at CloudTrail.
And CloudTrail is a service to intercept any API calls
or user activity within your accounts.
And so here on here on the left hand side panel,
we can have a look at the event history
and this is the event history
for the last 90 days of management events.
So you can see all the API calls that are being made
over time in this account.
So it doesn't have to be very interesting, okay,
but all of them will be here.
So what I wanna do for example, is that I want
to look in my EC2 console, and I created a demo instance.
And what I'm going to do is that I'm going
to terminate this instance.
So I do right click, terminate,
and now the instance is being terminated.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to check whether
or not this event happens and appears within CloudTrail.
So I'm going to wait about five minutes and get back to you.
And so I just refreshed my pages, and as you can see,
I ran the terminate instances, API call.
And we can see what's the event source.
So it's EC2 from where it was done,
the access key that was used,
the region that was used, and so on.
And we can get the whole event right here.
So that's the full power of CloudTrail is
that we can see all the events really happening
from within CloudTrail directly in this UI.
And this is a short introduction at the practitioner level,
but this is enough for you to get started
and to answer questions at the exam.
So that's it.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.